# Configuring elmah.io from code##### [Thomas Ardal](http://elmah.io/about/), September 11, 2013> This post has been adapted as part of our official documentation. To read the most updated version, please check out [Configure elmah.io from code](https://docs.elmah.io/configure-elmah-io-from-code/)@saxx wrote an excellent question on Twitter:> @elmah_io Is there a nice way to move the config (LogId) from web.config into the code? I want to push my web.config into public GitHub.> — saxx (@saxx) September 2, 2013So the question really boils down to this: Can I configure elmah.io through C# code? Sure! With a little help from ELMAH and some custom code, you will be able to configure any ELMAH error logger through code. Here’s what @saxx ended up implementing:```csharpusing Elmah;using System.Collections.Generic;using System.ComponentModel.Design; [assembly: WebActivatorEx.PreApplicationStartMethod(typeof(EvernoteMvcExample.ElmahConfig), "Start")] namespace EvernoteMvcExample{    public static class ElmahConfig    {        public static void Start()        {            ServiceCenter.Current = CreateServiceProviderQueryHandler(ServiceCenter.Current);        }         private static ServiceProviderQueryHandler CreateServiceProviderQueryHandler(ServiceProviderQueryHandler sp)        {            return context =>            {                var container = new ServiceContainer(sp(context));                 var config = new Dictionary<string, string>();                config["LogId"] = Configuration.ElmahLogId;                var log = new Elmah.Io.ErrorLog(config);                 container.AddService(typeof(ErrorLog), log);                return container;            };        }    }}```The original can be found in the [EverMark](https://github.com/saxx/EverMark/blob/master/EverMark/App_Start/ElmahConfig.cs) project on GitHub.Let’s look at the code. In line 5, the ElmahConfig class is configured as a PreApplicationStartMethod which means, that ASP.NET (MVC) will execute the Start method when the web application starts up. In line 13 the ServiceCenter.Current property is set to the return type of the CreateServiceProviderQueryHandler-method. This method is where the magic happens. Besides creating the new ServiceContainer, we actually created the Elmah.Io.ErrorLog class normally configured through XML. The Dictionary should contain the LogId found on the dashboard of the elmah.io website. @saxx doesn’t want to show of the LogId on GitHub (understandable), why this is pulled in through configuration. If your code is private, you can hardcode your LogId instead if you like.That’s it! You no longer need the ```<elmah>``` element in your web.config.