# Deployment tracking multiple services and Visual Studio Team Services##### [Thomas Ardal](http://elmah.io/about/), October 26, 2016We hope that you are not too busy watching The Walking Dead and Westworld to notice all of the cool stuff happening on elmah.io lately. A month ago we released [Deployment Tracking](/deployment-tracking/) and today we ship support for tracking multiple services and integration with Visual Studio Team Services.### Tracking multiple servicesSince deployments on elmah.io aren't really tied to logs, all deployments were shown when navigating to the new Deployments tab on a log. With the latest release, we truly support multiple services and microservices, released and versioned independently. By including the service name as part of the deployment, we make sure to only show relevant deployments for each log. Check out how to set it up in [Set Up Deployment Tracking](http://docs.elmah.io/setup-deployment-tracking/#versioning-different-services).### Visual Studio Team Services supportAlready using Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS)? It's dead simple to set up deployment notifications as part of your release definition, using a bit of PowerShell. But we want something even simpler. Using the [elmah.io Deployment Tasks for VSTS](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=elmahio.deploy-tasks), notifying elmah.io every time you release, takes nothing more than a couple of clicks. Check out [Using Visual Studio Team Services](http://docs.elmah.io/setup-deployment-tracking/#using-visual-studio-team-services) for instructions on how to set it up.