# Logging to multiple ELMAH logs##### [Thomas Ardal](http://elmah.io/about/), April 30, 2015 in [Tutorials](/category/tutorials/)> This post has been adapted as part of our official documentation. To read the most updated version, please check out [Logging to multiple logs](http://docs.elmah.io/logging-to-multiple-elmah-logs/).From time to time, we keep hearing the same types of questions like “I just want to try elmah.io, but still want to log errors to my local SQL Server” or “I only want to log some of my errors to elmah.io” and so on. In this post, we’ll show you just how to accomplish that.Unfortunately, ELMAH doesn’t support multiple log targets like other logging frameworks like Serilog. This makes logging to multiple logs a bit tricky, but no way impossible. Let’s say that you’re using ELMAH in your web application and configured it to log everything in SQL Server. If you look through your web.config file, you will have code looking like this somewhere:```xml<elmah>    <errorLog type="Elmah.SqlErrorLog, Elmah" connectionStringName="elmah"/></elmah>```As you probably know, this tells ELMAH to log all uncatched errors in SQL Server with the connection string “elmah”. You cannot add more ```<errorLog>``` elements, why logging to a second log seems impossible. Meet ELMAH’s Logged event, which is a great hook to log to multiple targets. Install the [elmah.io.core](http://www.nuget.org/packages/elmah.io.core/) NuGet package and add the following code to your global.asax.cs file:```csharpvoid ErrorLog_Logged(object sender, ErrorLoggedEventArgs args){    var elmahIoLog = new Elmah.Io.ErrorLog(new Logger(new Guid("insert your log id")));    elmahIoLog.Log(args.Entry.Error);}```In the above code, we listen for the Logged event by simply declaring a method named ```ErrorLog_Logged```. When called we create a new ```Elmah.Io.ErrorLog``` instance with the GUID of your log at elmah.io. Next we simply call the Log method with a new Error object. Bam! The error is logged both in SQL Server and in elmah.io.If you only want to log certain types of errors in elmah.io, but everything to your normal log, you can extend your code like this:```csharpvoid ErrorLog_Logged(object sender, ErrorLoggedEventArgs args){    if (args.Entry.Error.StatusCode == 500)    {        var elmahIoLog = new Elmah.Io.ErrorLog(new Logger(new Guid("insert your log id")));        elmahIoLog.Log(args.Entry.Error);    }}```This time we only begin logging to elmah.io, if the thrown exception is of type HttpException and contains a HTTP status code of 500.