# Meet the Stingray##### [Thomas Ardal](http://elmah.io/about/), September 20, 2016Developing elmah.io have been a journey. I started working on elmah.io as a side project back in 2013 and even [introduced it](http://thomasardal.com/introducing-elmah-io/) on my blog. At the time, the vision was clear: build a better UI for ELMAH and host it in the cloud. Everything where free, mostly because I didn't had any users which meant no need for processing power. In fact everything where hosted on a single VM in Microsoft Azure.Three years have passed since then and the elmah.io of today is a completely different product. First of all, the project moved from a side project to my full time job. Terminating the freemium model and converting into paying users, turned out as a good thing for elmah.io. Having funds to invest back into the product, simply made it better.Secondly, the feature set of elmah.io developed a lot during the last three years. While we started as a simple error log implementation for ELMAH, we today support most logging frameworks for .NET and everything from verbose to fatal logging. We've even seen users log from Xamarin and node.js. While the name elmah.io where great at start, I feel that it's holding us back. We get a lot of "I thought you guys where developing the open source project ELMAH", "can you help me set up ELMAH to log in my SQL Server" and "I didn't know that you supported other frameworks than ELMAH". The conclusion wasn't easy, but we've decided to change the name of elmah.io. In the future, elmah.io will be known as Stingray by elmah.io or Stingray for short.Changing a product name is a tough decision. We fully understand that this won't happen overnight.  We will start to roll out the Stingray name throughout the UI, our documentation etc. For now, the domain name elmah.io will still be the place to visit, but in the future, we want to switch over to [getstingray.io](http://getstingray.io/) completely.We hope that you like the new name and want to help us spread the word.