# Trial accounts introduced##### [Thomas Ardal](http://elmah.io/about/), January 16, 2015Time for an update from us at elmah.io. Unlike most people, we have spent the Christmas holiday working. Multiple fixes and improvements have been introduced, making elmah.io even sweeter and more stable. We’ve also spend quite some time evaluating our plans and pricing.elmah.io has become very popular among all of you and we are fortunate to have grown as much as we have in just 1½ years. Like most other websites out there providing a free plan, most users doesn’t pay anything for hosting their error logs. Hosting a lot of gigabytes of data doesn’t come for free, why we’ve decided to switch to a trial based model.Starting today, we provide 30 days of free trial for all new users. Existing users will be offered 30 additional days as well. If you are using elmah.io for free, please use the 30 days to evaluate elmah.io and make a decision about staying or not. After the 30 days, you will no longer have access to logs created by you (logs created by paying users will of course still be available).We hope that you’ve loved elmah.io so far and that you will consider supporting us. We don’t show ads or anything else, why having paying customers is the only way we can continue to evolve elmah.io. Visit our [plans and pricing](https://elmah.io/pricing) page to checkout all of the great features of elmah.io and how little to pay each month.If you haven’t noticed already, we provide 6 months of free usage for Microsoft BizSpark companies and Microsoft MVPs. As an addition to this, we now provide free usage for open source projects, utilizing elmah.io as part of their code. Check out the [plans and pricing](https://elmah.io/pricing) page for details on how to apply.